.\" We don't entirely understand this
.TH CONCH "1" "May 2015" "" "CONCH"

.SH NAME
conch \- ncurses client for bugle.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B conch
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fUConch\fR is for people who don't think \fUbugle\fR, running on an
outdated and unsupported version of \fUDjango\fR, is nearly insecure
enough. It supports reading the blast timeline, posting new blasts,
displaying (gist-like) extended blasts, and animated GIFs.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIconfig\fR
config filename (defaults to ~/.conchrc)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-stick-to-top\fR
auto-display new blasts as they come in (providing you haven't moved
the current cursor, in which case you'll just get a notification at
the top of the screen)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSER\fR
user to post as, overriding the config file setting
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR
database server host, overriding the config file setting (default:
bugle.fort)
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDBNAME\fR
database name, overriding the config file setting (default: bugle)

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE

\fUConch\fR's configuration file is written in \fULua\fR, an
"extension programming language designed to support general procedural
programming with data description facilities". The following variables
are supported, and are expressed in the file in the following format:

.nf
-- This is a comment
variable = "string value"
variable = 'string value'
variable = 42 -- int value
.fi

Since configuration files are interpreted as \fULua\fR on startup, any
variables may be computed as runtime.

.TP
\fBusername\fR, \fBhost\fR, \fBdatabase\fR
Respectively the user to post as, database server host and database
name. These may be overridden using command line options, and have
sensible defaults (for a fort).

.TP
\fBpage_size\fR
Page size of the backend, ie the number of blasts fetched at a time
from the database. Defaults to \fB42\fR.

.TP
\fBclock_format_func\fR
Replace the default clock; this should be a \fULua\fR function which
returns the value to be printed.

.SH BUGS
Because \fUconch\fR (and \fUbugle\fR) are designed for use in a fort,
there is no security whatsoever.

When loading attachments for the detail view, we block rather than
loading in a second thread and showing the spinner.

Non-fatal errors in the backend are reported by writing to
\fUstderr\fR, which once we're running ncurses is unpleasant. We
should instead create a modal dialogue in ncurses for displaying
dismissable alerts.

Syntax highlighting code blocks does not work.

Audio is not supported for video formats (or audio formats).

.SH SEE ALSO
blast(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.PP
The /dev/fort 11 team:
Adam Sven Johnson,
Alex Stapleton,
Anna Shipman,
Ash Berlin,
David MacIver,
James Aylett,
Nick Stenning, and
Steve Marshall.

For more information, see http://devfort.com/.
